Different types of ways to repeat background
	repeat	The background image is repeated both vertically and horizontally.  The last image will be clipped if it does not fit. This is default	
	repeat-x	The background image is repeated only horizontally	
	repeat-y	The background image is repeated only vertically	
	no-repeat	The background-image is not repeated. The image will only be shown once	
	space	The background-image is repeated as much as possible without clipping. The first and last images are pinned to either side of the element, and whitespace is distributed evenly between the images	
	round	The background-image is repeated and squished or stretched to fill the space (no gaps)	
	initial	Sets this property to its default value. Read about initial	
	inherit	Inherits this property from its parent element. Read about inherit

Different type of border style
	The border-style property specifies what kind of border to display.
	
	The following values are allowed:
	
	dotted - Defines a dotted border
	dashed - Defines a dashed border
	solid - Defines a solid border
	double - Defines a double border
	groove - Defines a 3D grooved border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	ridge - Defines a 3D ridged border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	inset - Defines a 3D inset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	outset - Defines a 3D outset border. The effect depends on the border-color value
	none - Defines no border
	hidden - Defines a hidden border

Different ways to write for loop in js
	for - loops through a block of code a number of times
	for/in - loops through the properties of an object
	for/of - loops through the values of an iterable object
	while - loops through a block of code while a specified condition is true
	do/while - also loops through a block of code while a specified condition is true
	NOTE : 
		for in loops over enumerable property names of an object.
		for of (new in ES6) does use an object-specific iterator and loops over the values generated by that.
	

Scope variable in java script
	Local scope	:
		Variables declared within a JavaScript function, become LOCAL to the function.
		Local variables have Function scope: They can only be accessed from within the function.
		Since local variables are only recognized inside their functions, variables with the same name can be used in different functions.
		Local variables are created when a function starts, and deleted when the function is completed.
	Global scope :
		A variable declared outside a function, becomes GLOBAL.	
		A global variable has global scope: All scripts and functions on a web page can access it. 
		
	Scope determines the accessibility of variables, objects, and functions from different parts of the code.
	If you assign a value to a variable that has not been declared, it will automatically become a GLOBAL variable.
	In "Strict Mode", undeclared variables are not automatically global.
	The lifetime of a JavaScript variable starts when it is declared.
	Local variables are deleted when the function is completed.
	In a web browser, global variables are deleted when you close the browser window (or tab).

How printer used in js
	JavaScript can "display" data in different ways:
		Writing into an HTML element, using innerHTML.
		Writing into the HTML output using document.write().
		Writing into an alert box, using window.alert().
		Writing into the browser console, using console.log().
		
		Page print in JavaScript is a simple code in JavaScript used to print the content of the web pages.
		
		The print() method prints the contents of the current window.
		It basically opens Print dialog box which lets you choose between various printing options.
		Syntax:
		
		window.print()
		
		
Dynamic and responsive
	Dynamic usually refers to dynamic serving, where a different entire version of the website is sent when a mobile browser requests it. Responsive design is when a single site is served to all browser types and the CSS code handles the display for different devices.
	
	Dynamic Websites, also known as fluid websites contain dynamic web pages that are generated in real time. This means that the web pages will display different content each time the site is visited. These pages include web scripting code, such as PHP, ASP or JSP.
	Dynamic pages access information from a database. Hence, webmaster may only need to update the database record in order to alter the content of dynamic pages. Unlike Static websites, dynamic websites have more personal and interactive user experience.
	These websites takes slightly slower time to load in comparison to Static as they are little more complex to develop. Dynamic websites looks same in terms of proportions no matter what the screen size.
	
	There is another type for websites which is widely used these days. The websites which are built with percentages instead of exact measurements. These websites are called as Responsive Websites which are optimised for smartphones and tablets. Responsive websites used actually look different on each device. The elements stretches or shrinks according to the screen size. These websites are built using a mobile-first approach.
	

Js mai agar array mai se max vala element chahiye toh kaise milega
	var min = Math.min.apply(null, arr),
	var	max = Math.max.apply(null, arr);
		
	var min = Math.min( ...arr ),
	var	max = Math.max( ...arr );

Onload
	Execute a JavaScript immediately after a page has been loaded:
	
	<body onload="myFunction()">
	
	In HTML:
	
	<element onload="myScript">
	
	In JavaScript:
	
	object.onload = function(){myScript};
	
	In JavaScript, using the addEventListener() method:
	
	object.addEventListener("load", myScript);
	
HTML ka general structure batao
	The basic structure of an HTML document consists of 5 elements:
	
	<!DOCTYPE>
	<html>
	<head>
	<title>
	<body>
	

Binds angular data var to html tags
	[(ngModel)]="property" -> Binds the property from js (or ts) to html. Any update on this property will be noticeable everywhere.

What is css
	Cascading Style Sheets is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML. CSS is a cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript.
	
Which architectures used in angularjs
	AngularJS - MVC Architecture
	Model − It is the lowest level of the pattern responsible for maintaining data.
	View − It is responsible for displaying all or a portion of the data to the user.
	Controller − It is a software Code that controls the interactions between the Model and View.

What is differences between java and javascript
	Key differences between Java and JavaScript: Java is an OOP programming language while Java Script is an OOP scripting language. Java creates applications that run in a virtual machine or browser while JavaScript code is run on a browser only. Java code needs to be compiled while JavaScript code are all in text.

1)Corona situation me aap konsi kesi website banana chaahoge
	to find empty beds in specific area

2) frameset tag use
	HTML frames are used to divide your browser window into multiple sections where each section can load a separate HTML document. A collection of frames in the browser window is known as a frameset. The window is divided into frames in a similar way the tables are organized: into rows and columns.

3) 3 ways to use css
	CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: 
	Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements. 
	Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
	External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file

Features of angular js
	Model View Controller (MVC) Framework. MVC is a software design pattern for developing web applications. ...
	User interface with HTML. User interfaces in AngularJS are built on HTML. ...
	POJO Model. ...
	Active community on Google. ...
	Routing. ...
	Two-way binding.
	Cross Platform. Progressive Web Apps. Use modern web platform capabilities to deliver app-like experiences. ...
	Speed and Performance. Code Generation. ...
	Productivity. Templates. ...
	Full Development Story. Testing.
	
A bit about angular : 
	The ng-app directive defines the application, the ng-controller directive defines the controller.
	You can use data-ng-, instead of ng-, if you want to make your page HTML valid.
	The ng-app directive tells AngularJS that the <div> element is the "owner" of an AngularJS application.
	The ng-model directive binds the value of the input field to the application variable name.
	The ng-bind directive binds the content of the <p> element to the application variable name.
	
	AngularJS modules define applications:	var app = angular.module('myApp', []);
	
	AngularJS controllers control applications:
		app.controller('myCtrl', function($scope) {
			$scope.firstName= "John";
			$scope.lastName= "Doe";
		});
	
	AngularJS expressions are much like JavaScript expressions: They can contain literals, operators, and variables.
	
Angular vs javascript : 

	Like JavaScript expressions, AngularJS expressions can contain literals, operators, and variables.
	
	Unlike JavaScript expressions, AngularJS expressions can be written inside HTML.
	
	AngularJS expressions do not support conditionals, loops, and exceptions, while JavaScript expressions do.
	
	AngularJS expressions support filters, while JavaScript expressions do not.
	
	
